## PSDK Version Support Information

> Date: 2022-08-08

| Aircraft Type                               | Recommended SDK Version | Version maintenance | New feature support |
| :------------------------------------------ | :---------------------- | :------------------ | :------------------ |
| M200、M210、M210 RTK                        | PSDK 1.5.3              | √                   | ×                   |
| M210 V2、M210 RTK V2、M300 RTK              | PSDK 2.2.1              | √                   | ×                   |
| M300 RTK 、M30/M30T and subsequent aircrafts | PSDK 3.2.0              | √                   | √                   |


## PSDK 3.2.0 Released

> Date: 2022-08-08

* Add the support of standard speaker on M300 RTK, M30/M30T Pilot
* Add the support of the mapping between the speaker with the remote controller button on M300 RTK, M30/M30T Pilot
* Add function support for H20N on M300 RTK
* Add infrared zoom function support of H20T on M300 RTK
* Fix the occasional problem of the Camera Livestream can not be subscribed on M30/M30T
* Fix the problem of some interfaces of camera management run error on M30/M30T
* Fix the problem of the infrared code stream can not be obtained on M30/M30T
* Fix the problem of RTOS platform data subscription crash on M30/M30T 
* Fix the occasional problem of abnormal media download function on M300 RTK
* Fix the occasional problem of abnormal SDK interconnection function on M300 RTK
* Fix the occasional problem of the PSDK payload name displays abnormally
* Fix the coordinate system problem of the gimbal angle of the data subscription function
* Optimize the compilation dependency problems of third-party dependent libraries


## PSDK 3.1.0 Released

> Date: 2022-03-21

* Add the Matrice 30/30T support
* Add the standard speaker widget support on M30/M30T (MSDK only)
* Add the waypoint 3.0 support on M30/M30T
* Add the get camera laser ranging data support on M30/M30T
* Add the power-off notification function support on M300 RTK OSDK port
* Add ESP32 build toolchain support
* Fix some bugs on the last version
* More sample support

## DJI Media File Metadata WhitePaper V2.0 Beta Version available
> Date: 2022-03-28 

For details: [Meida File Metadata](https://developer.dji.com/doc/payload-sdk-tutorial/en/function-set/advanced-function/media-file-metadata.html).

The V2.0 version provides metadata that covers more aspects of media file, with a new method of data organization. And it has been adopted on several recent products. It is hoped to accelerate users with more convenient model analysis and in-depth post-work.<br/>

Inquiring camera-dev@dji.com for help is recommended.


## PSDK 3.0.0 Released
> Date: 2021-10-21

* Add the OSDK 4.x version functions support (only support on OSDK port)
* Add the DJI offline certificate support
* Add the serial port baud rate adaptive support
* Add the arrest-flying feature support in Flight Controller module
* Add the custom widget feature support on OSDK port
* Add the remote controller custom button mapping function support
* Add the DJI L1/P1 camera support in Camera Manager module
* Enhance the camera media file download speed
* Fix some bugs on the last version
* More sample support
* More build toolchain support

## PSDK Video Stream Check Tool V1.0.0 Released

> Date: 2021-01-20

PSDK video stream check tool is used to check whether the user's video stream meets the [PSDK video stream format requirements](https://developer.dji.com/doc/payload-sdk-tutorial/en/model-instruction/payload-develop-criterion.html). Users can intuitively view the problems existing in the video stream, and the tool provides guidance and suggestions for improvement.

## [DJI Media File Metadata WhitePaper V1.0](https://terra-1-g.djicdn.com/71a7d383e71a4fb8887a310eb746b47f/general/DJI_Media_File_Metadata_WhitePaper_20200825.zip) Released

> Date: 2021-05-07

The DJI Camera Media File Metadata WhitePaper V1.0 is offically released. This document describes the format for storing media file meta data and the meaning of each file.

By using this white paper, developers can understand the information of each meta data and corresponding fileds in media file and implement the industry applications such as image analysis or modeling based on the meta data of media file.


## [DJI X-Port has been released (Purchase)](https://store.dji.com/product/dji-x-port)

> Date: 2020-01-17

DJI X-Port standard gimbal is a development tool for payload devices with gimbal function. Developers can use the X-port and accessories in Payload SDK Development Kit 2.0 to quickly develop payload device with gimbal function that can be mounted on DJI drones. When using the PSDK open API interfaces to achieve highly customization, the development cost of payload device can be reduced effectively and the reliablity and compatibility can be greatly improved.   


## [DJI SkyPort V2 has been officially released (Purchase)](https://store.dji.com/product/psdk-development-kit-v2)

> Date: 2020-01-17

With the help of SkyPort V2 development kit, developers can quickly develop payload devices that can be mounted on DJI drones. The adapter board in kit enables developers to adapt to any third-party development board according to actual situation, further reducing the development cost.

