## Overview

To assist developers in achieving automated flight control of aircraft in scenarios without GPS or RTK satellites, enabling functions such as precise hovering and obstacle sensing, DJI has opened up the aircraft Visual Perception System, which includes the vision system, six-direction infrared sensing system, LiDAR Sensing System, and six-direction millimeter-wave radar sensing system equipped on the M400 aircraft. Developers can use the API provided by PSDK to obtain grayscale image streams from DJI aircraft's Visual Perception System, LiDAR Point Cloud, and millimeter-wave radar point cloud data. By combining different perception and positioning algorithms, developers can create advanced applications that meet the needs of specific scenarios. This document is mainly intended to guide developers in obtaining perception grayscale images, LiDAR Point Cloud, and millimeter-wave radar point cloud data output by the vision system through the PSDK API.

> **Notes:**
> * Only applications developed on Linux and RTOS systems support developers using DJI's perception data acquisition feature.
> * When using the perception data acquisition function of PSDK, you need to use a USB cable or Ethernet cable to receive the raw data from the aircraft's Visual Perception System.
> * Developers can obtain the User Manual for the corresponding model from the [DJI Download Center](https://www.dji.com/downloads?site=brandsite&from=nav) and refer to the component names to understand the composition of the Visual Perception System and the camera positions.
> * For M400, M4, M4D, and future drones, this feature requires Manifold 3.
> * To obtain the drone's perception data, you need to unlock and take off the drone, or connect to DJI Assistant 2 and unlock/take off the drone in the simulator.

## Basic Concepts

### Aircraft Sensing System

The Visual Perception System of DJI aircraft mainly consists of the aircraft's visual perception sensors and visual perception algorithms. During the flight of the aircraft, the perception sensors can acquire the status of the surrounding environment, assisting the aircraft in braking, obstacle sensing, and precise hovering.

Mavic 3E/3T, Matrice 30/30T, M300 RTK/M350 RTK, Matrice 4D/4T/4E, and M400 all support developers in acquiring stream data from all perception sensors on the aircraft.
M400 supports developers in acquiring point cloud data from the LiDAR and millimeter-wave radar equipped on the aircraft.

> **Notes:**
> * If the aircraft experiences external interference during hovering, it will return to the original hover point.
> * When using the perception image acquisition function, if the aircraft disconnects from the remote controller, it will hover.

### Types of Sensing Data
The sensing image acquisition function supports developers in obtaining image types and resolutions as follows:
* Mavic 3E/3T: Supports developers in acquiring vertical VGA grayscale images at 20 FPS with a resolution of 640 × 480. Supports developers in acquiring horizontal VGA grayscale images at 20 FPS with a resolution of 480 × 480.
* Matrice 30/30T and Matrice 300 RTK/Matrice 350 RTK: Supports developers in acquiring VGA grayscale images at 20 FPS with a resolution of 640 × 480.
* Initializing the Sensing System
```c
auto *perceptionSample = new PerceptionSample;
```
* Acquiring Sensor Parameters:
```c
returnCode = DjiPerception_GetStereoCameraParameters(&cameraParametersPacket);
```
## Using Sensing Image Acquisition Function
When using the Sensing System image acquisition feature, developers need to call the specified API to subscribe (or unsubscribe) to images from the aircraft vision sensor via USB or Socket interface during the application's runtime, and use a callback function to obtain the subscribed images within a dedicated reading thread.
### Sensing System Image Metadata
Images generated by the aircraft vision sensor mainly contain two types of Metadata: Frame Index and timestamp.
* Timestamp: The vision sensor on the aircraft shares a timer. For detailed information on time synchronization, please refer to [Time Synchronization](https://developer.dji.com/doc/payload-sdk-tutorial/en/basic-function/time-syn.html).
* Frame Index: After developers subscribe to the sensing grayscale image, the aircraft sensing grayscale image will be accompanied by a Frame Index. Subscribing or unsubscribing to the sensing grayscale image will not change or interrupt the sequence of the Frame Index.
## Using Feature to Obtain Sensing Camera Parameters
> **Note:** For the use of Sensing System features, you can [refer to the code](https://github.com/dji-sdk/Payload-SDK/tree/master/samples/sample_c%2B%2B/module_sample/perception).
> * It is recommended to install OpenCV to display the sensing grayscale images.
> * To avoid blocking the main thread with the processing of vision sensor images, please create a separate thread to handle the images from the aircraft vision sensor.
1. Create a perception stream processing thread. Call the following interface to create a thread for reading the raw stream from the perception sensor and decoding it into images.
```c
osalHandler->TaskCreate("user_perception_task", DjiTest_StereoImagesDisplayTask,
                      USER_PERCEPTION_TASK_STACK_SIZE, &s_stereoImagePacket, &s_stereoImageThread);
```
> **Note:** If the developer has installed the OpenCV library, the decoded perception grayscale images can be displayed using the `cv::imshow()` interface.
2. Subscribe to the perception sensor stream. For example, call the following interface to subscribe to the front-facing perception stream, and register the callback function `DjiTest_PerceptionImageCallback` within this interface to process the received stream.
```c
perceptionSample->SubscribeFrontImage(DjiTest_PerceptionImageCallback);
```
3. Unsubscribe from the perception sensor stream. For example, call the following interface to unsubscribe from the front-facing perception stream.
```c
perceptionSample->UnSubscribeFrontImage();
```
4. Destroy the thread.  
Call the following interface to destroy the thread that reads the perception sensor stream.
```c
osalHandler->TaskDestroy(s_stereoImageThread);
```
> **Note:**
> * Due to bandwidth limitations, currently all models only support subscribing to two grayscale images simultaneously, and after subscribing to two images, the image frame rate will decrease.
>

## Using Onboard LiDAR Point Cloud Subscription Function
When using the LiDAR point cloud data acquisition function, developers need to call the specified API to subscribe (or unsubscribe) to the camera vision sensor's images via USB or Socket interface during the application's runtime, and receive them in the callback function. Point cloud data from the main body can be subscribed to when the aircraft is in flight status.

### LiDAR Point Cloud Metadata
After the aircraft takes off, PSDK can subscribe to LiDAR data frames at a frequency of 10 Hz. Each LiDAR frame contains the current timestamp, the aircraft's attitude information at that moment, and multiple LiDAR data packets. Each LiDAR data packet consists of a packet header and multiple point information. The packet header describes the time information and point information of the data packet.

> **Note:**
> * Refer to perception camera data subscription. To avoid blocking the main thread while processing point cloud data, please create a separate thread to handle the aircraft LiDAR point cloud data.
> * The extrinsic parameters from the LiDAR to the body IMU are as follows:<br>
[0.0124277, -0.7083339, -0.70558153, 0.01622773] (quaternion in the order w, x, y, z)<br>
[0.12922, 0, -0.234352] (translation vector in the order x, y, z)

1. Subscribe to onboard LiDAR point cloud data. For example, call the following interface to subscribe to the onboard LiDAR's point cloud data, and register the callback function `DjiTest_PerceptionLidarCallback` in this interface to process the received point cloud information.
```c
DjiPerception_SubscribeLidarData(DjiTest_PerceptionLidarCallback);
```

2. Unsubscribe from onboard LiDAR point cloud data. For example, call the following interface to unsubscribe from the LiDAR point cloud.
```c
DjiPerception_UnsubscribeLidarData();
```

## Using Onboard Millimeter-Wave Radar Point Cloud Subscription Feature
After the aircraft takes off, the PSDK can subscribe to millimeter-wave radar point cloud information from the LiDAR at a frequency of 20 Hz. When using the millimeter-wave radar point cloud data acquisition feature, developers need to call the specified API via USB or Socket interface to subscribe (or unsubscribe) to the camera vision sensor's images during the application's runtime cycle and receive them using a callback function.

> **Note:**
> * Refer to the perception camera data subscription. To avoid blocking the main thread with the task of processing point cloud data, please create a separate thread to handle the aircraft's millimeter-wave radar point cloud data.

1. Subscribe to onboard millimeter-wave radar point cloud data, for example: call the following interface to subscribe to the forward onboard millimeter-wave radar's point cloud data, and register the callback function `DjiTest_PerceptionRadarCallback` in this interface to process the received point cloud information.
```c
DjiPerception_SubscribeRadarData(RADAR_POSITION_FRONT, DjiTest_PerceptionRadarCallback);
```

2. Unsubscribe from onboard millimeter-wave radar point cloud data, for example: call the following interface to unsubscribe from the forward onboard millimeter-wave radar point cloud.
```c
DjiPerception_UnsubscribeRadarData(RADAR_POSITION_FRONT);
```