## PSDK Development Package Directory Structure

The PSDK development package mainly consists of documentation, libraries, sample programs, and tools. The directory structure is described as follows:

- **doc**: Documentation directory containing reference documents related to the aircraft and payload devices.  
  - **simple_model**: Model files related to the aircraft and payload devices.  
  - **psdk_other_docs**: Other supplementary documents, such as coding standard guidelines.  
- **psdk_lib**: Functional interfaces provided by PSDK and their corresponding implementations.  
  - **include**: Header files for each functional module.  
  - **lib**: Static library files for different platforms.  
- **sample**: Official PSDK sample code, used for functionality verification and secondary development reference.  
  - **module_sample**: Sample code and callable APIs for various PSDK functional modules.  
  - **platform**: Sample project directory, including build files, initialization files, user information configuration, etc.  
- **tools**: Binary-to-header file conversion tool `file2c`.  
- **CMakeLists.txt**: Project build configuration file, used to define the compilation method and build process of the PSDK project.

## Linking Static Libraries


When developing payload devices on the Linux platform, you must modify the information in CMakeLists.txt to include the static library libpayloadsdk.a. You can select the corresponding static library from the psdk_lib/lib directory within the PSDK development package.
  ```
  link_directories(${CMAKE_CURRENT_LIST_DIR}/../../../../../psdk_lib/lib/aarch64-linu	x-gnu-gcc)                 /* Specify the path to the static library
  */link_libraries(${CMAKE_CURRENT_LIST_DIR}/../../../../../psdk_lib/lib/aarch64-linux	-gnu-gcc/libpayloadsdk.a)   /* Call static library */
  ```


## Including Header Files

Before developing a payload device, developers need to include the header files for the required functionalities. After including these header files, developers can call the corresponding APIs to implement the desired features.  
Each header file corresponds to a functional module in PSDK. For example, `#include "psdk_payload_camera.h"` corresponds to the camera functionality of PSDK.  
All available header files are located in the `. \psdk_lib\include` directory.


After adding the header file include path `include_directories(../../../../../psdk_lib/api_headers)` in `CMakeLists.txt`, developers can include the header files in their source code as shown below:
```
#include <dji_platform.h>
#include <dji_logger.h>
#include <dji_core.h>
```


## Including Compile-Time Macros

Be sure to add the required compile-time macros before starting code development. 
Linux and RTOS platforms must enable platform-specific features through the corresponding compile-time macros.  
Enable: `1`; Disable: `0`.

- **Linux**: `PSDK_ARCH_SYS_LINUX = 1`
- **RTOS**: `PSDK_ARCH_SYS_RTOS = 0`

## PSDK Initialization
When developing payload devices using PSDK, the Platform module must be registered before initializing the PSDK module.

### Registering the Platform Module
By registering the Hal and Osal layer handler functions, the payload control program developed with PSDK can be ported to different software and hardware platforms.  

#### 1. Registering Osal Layer Functions

By registering functions in the Osal layer, payload device control programs can access the kernels and resources of different operating systems, enabling portability of payload device control programs across various operating systems.
```c
    returnCode = DjiPlatform_RegOsalHandler(&osalHandler);
    if (returnCode != DJI_ERROR_SYSTEM_MODULE_CODE_SUCCESS) {
        printf(“register osal handler error”);
        return DJI_ERROR_SYSTEM_MODULE_CODE_SYSTEM_ERROR;
    }
```
In the sample project, the registration of the OSAL layer is encapsulated in the function `static T_DjiReturnCode DjiUser_PrepareSystemEnvironment(void)`, which is then invoked in the `main` function by calling `DjiUser_PrepareSystemEnvironment`.
#### 2. Register USB bulk layer functions

To access via USB bulk link, register USB bulk layer functions to establish the USB bulk communication callback mechanism. This enables the system to transmit and receive data with external devices through the USB bulk channel, handing communication events to user-implemented business logic for processing.
```c
returnCode = DjiPlatform_RegHalUsbBulkHandler(&usbBulkHandler);
    if (returnCode != DJI_ERROR_SYSTEM_MODULE_CODE_SUCCESS) {
        printf(“register hal usb bulk handler error”);
        return DJI_ERROR_SYSTEM_MODULE_CODE_SYSTEM_ERROR;
    }
```

#### 3. Register Hal Layer Socket Functions
By registering **Hal layer socket functions**, provide the Hal layer interface dependency implementation for the code stream push functionality.

```c
    returnCode = DjiPlatform_RegSocketHandler(&socketHandler);
    if (returnCode != DJI_ERROR_SYSTEM_MODULE_CODE_SUCCESS) {
        printf(“register osal socket handler error”);
        return DJI_ERROR_SYSTEM_MODULE_CODE_SYSTEM_ERROR;
    }
```

#### 4. Register FileSystem Layer Functions

Register the **Hal layer FileSystem** interface functions to provide Hal layer dependency implementations for file operations like logging.
```c
   returnCode = DjiPlatform_RegFileSystemHandler(&fileSystemHandler);
    if (returnCode != DJI_ERROR_SYSTEM_MODULE_CODE_SUCCESS) {
        printf(“register osal filesystem handler error”);
        return DJI_ERROR_SYSTEM_MODULE_CODE_SYSTEM_ERROR;
    }
```




#### 5. Selecting Compile-Time Macros
Developers must select and configure the corresponding `CONFIG_HARDWARE_CONNECTION` macro based on the port types supported by the flight platform and the payload device, in order to determine the hardware communication method used by PSDK.

On the Manifold platform, use the following connection and communication configuration:
- DJI_USE_ONLY_USB_BULK_DEVICE

### PSDK Initialization
When developing payload devices using the PSDK, you must call the `DjiCore_Init` interface to initialize the PSDK. At the same time, ensure that the operating system scheduler is already running; otherwise, the main thread of the PSDK will not function properly.

:::tip Note:
Developers need to pass the payload device information to the `DjiCore_Init` interface. For details, please refer to the instructions on completing the application information.
:::
```c
    returnCode = DjiCore_Init(&userInfo);
    if (returnCode != DJI_ERROR_SYSTEM_MODULE_CODE_SUCCESS) {
        USER_LOG_ERROR("Core init error");
        return DJI_ERROR_SYSTEM_MODULE_CODE_SYSTEM_ERROR;
    }
```
**Complete Application Information**  
You must fill the application information generated after <a href="./quick-demo.html#create-an-application" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">creating the application</a> into the file below; otherwise, the application will not function properly.
- samples/sample_c/platform/linux/manifold3/application/dji_sdk_app_info.h
- samples/sample_c++/platform/linux/manifold3/application/dji_sdk_app_info.h
```c
#define USER_APP_NAME               "your_app_name"
#define USER_APP_ID                 "your_app_id"
#define USER_APP_KEY                "your_app_key"
#define USER_APP_LICENSE            "your_app_license"
#define USER_DEVELOPER_ACCOUNT      "your_developer_account"
#define USER_BAUD_RATE              "460800"
```
After completing PSDK system initialization, developers can initialize the required functions based on their usage needs.  
If PSDK initialization fails, please check the payload initialization sequence and the configuration of the corresponding interfaces according to the returned error code.

### PSDK Function Initialization
PSDK function initialization must be performed **after** calling `DjiCore_Init()`. Developers can initialize the required PSDK functional modules according to actual needs, such as camera functions and data subscription functions.

:::tip Note:
Non-camera payloads also need to initialize the camera function; otherwise, DJI Pilot will not be able to recognize the PSDK payload.
:::

- **Camera Function**  
Before using any camera-related features, you must first call the camera module’s global initialization interface `DjiPayloadCamera_Init` to complete the initialization of the camera function module and ensure it is in an available state.  
An example is shown below:
    ```c
        returnCode = DjiPayloadCamera_Init();
        if (returnCode != DJI_ERROR_SYSTEM_MODULE_CODE_SUCCESS) {
            USER_LOG_ERROR("init payload camera error:0x%08llX", returnCode);
            return returnCode;
        }
    ```
- **Data Subscription Function**  
This function is used to initialize the flight controller data subscription module and is a required step before performing any flight control data subscription operations.  
The interface ensures that the data subscription module is correctly initialized and in an available state, allowing it to properly receive data from the flight controller.  
An example is shown below:
    ```c
    T_DjiReturnCode DjiFcSubscription_Init(void);
        djiStat = DjiFcSubscription_Init();
        if (djiStat != DJI_ERROR_SYSTEM_MODULE_CODE_SUCCESS) {
            USER_LOG_ERROR("init data subscription module error.");
            return DJI_ERROR_SYSTEM_MODULE_CODE_UNKNOWN;
        }
    ```
### Start the Application
After all functional modules have been initialized and registered, call `T_DjiReturnCode DjiCore_ApplicationStart(void);` to start the PSDK application.  

This interface is used to notify the DJI Payload SDK that the application is ready, allowing it to enter the normal running state and enabling control of the payload device from the mobile app.  
If this interface is not called, the application will not run properly, and the mobile app will be unable to control the payload device.

```c
returnCode = DjiCore_ApplicationStart();
if (returnCode != DJI_ERROR_SYSTEM_MODULE_CODE_SUCCESS) {
    USER_LOG_ERROR("start sdk application error");
}
```

