

### Log Management
The payload device with log management function allows users to output log information of different modules through serial ports, terminals, or USB. Using tools with log color display function can display different types of logs in different colors.

### Information Management     
* Drone system information acquisition: Through this function, the payload device can actively obtain information such as the model of DJI drone, the type of hardware platform, and the language used by the mobile App.
* Message subscription: The payload device can subscribe to real-time sensor data generated by various components on the drone and drone system status information, such as attitude quaternion, fusion altitude, and RTK position.

### Camera Features
* Basic functions: set camera mode, take pictures, record videos, get camera status.
* Professional functions: pointing zoom, metering, focus.
* Advanced functions: video streaming, media file playback and download.

### Camera Management
* Parameter setting: Set camera parameters such as aperture, exposure time and resolution.
* Camera control: Control the camera to take pictures, record videos and point to zoom and other functions.
* Media library management: Support individual or batch download, delete the camera's original photo and video data.

### Gimbal Features
* Control the rotation speed and rotation mode of the gimbal.
* Set smoothing factor and maximum speed factor.
* Gimbal calibration, reset and angle fine-tuning.

### Gimbal Management
* Gimbal control: control the rotation angle and angular velocity of the gimbal.
* Information acquisition: Get the current angle and angular velocity of the gimbal.

### Power Management    
The payload device with power management function can not only apply for higher power to the drone but also receive the shutdown notification sent by the drone to shut down normally, preventing the load device from accidentally losing data information.

### Flight Control
* Set or get the parameters of the drone flight controller, such as return altitude, obstacle avoidance status, etc.
* Perform basic flight tasks such as takeoff, landing and return.
* Basic control functions of the drone, such as speed control, attitude control and position control.

### Custom Widget     
* Load control: DJI Pilot can display the widgets designed by the developer for the load device according to the configuration items in the control configuration file, through which the user can control the load device developed using PSDK.
* Display of floating window information: DJI Pilot can display information pushed by payload devices developed based on PSDK.

### HMS Feature
Get HMS information: Get the health management information of the drone and effectively monitor the current status of the drone.

### Time Synchronization
* Get PPS data: Get the hardware trigger pulse signal of the drone.
* Get UTC time: Get unified UTC time.

### Data Transmission
* Data transmission: The user can transmit control commands and data information between the payload device and the mobile App.
* Status acquisition: Users can acquire the current status of different types of data transmission channels.
* Bandwidth control: The user can set the proportion of different types of data occupying the bandwidth of the high-speed data transmission channel.

### X-Port Control
* Get X-Port status
* Control the rotation speed and rotation mode of the gimbal
* X-Port reset
* Set custom limit angle for X-Port

### Advanced Vision

Get camera code stream: Get the RGB code stream and H.264 code stream of the camera, and users can decode the video stream in real time.

### Local Upgrade
Local upgrade is a function for upgrading the firmware of the payload device. Developers can use the local update function to facilitate users to select the local firmware file through DJI Assistant 2 to update the firmware of the payload device.

### Waypoint Mission
Control DJI’s drones to fly automatically according to multiple preset waypoints.