Before using PSDK to develop payload device, please read the contents of this document carefully to avoid accidental damage to the drone, hardware platform, or payload device due to improper operation.

## Firmware Upgrade
Before developing the payload device, you need to use **DJI Assistant2** to upgrade the firmware of the drone and hardware platform. For detailed description of the firmware version, please refer to the [Firmware Version](https://developer.dji.com/doc/payload-sdk-tutorial/en/).

To ensure stable operation of DJI aircrafts and remote controllers and reduce the occurrence of incidents, DJI strongly recommends encouraging your customers to upgrade to the latest firmware whenever new firmware versions are released.

To check for the latest firmware version, taking Matrice 30/30T as an example:

* Visit the product downloads page of [Matrice 30/30T](https://enterprise.dji.com/cn/matrice-30/downloads) and open the "release note" PDF file to look up for the latest firmware version. You can download the corresponding firmware package from the product downloads page of [Matrice 30/30T](https://enterprise.dji.com/cn/matrice-30/downloads).

:::tip Notice
* SDK round ribbon cable only supports **PSDK V3.x.x**.
* SkyPort only supports **PSDK V1.x.x**.
* DJI has stopped developing **PSDK V2.xx** and SkyPort on **October 21, 2021**. It is recommended to use **PSDK V3.xx** for payload development. For the content of PSDK V2.x.x, please refer to [Historical Document](https://developer.dji.com/document/2103887e-6d62-4f52-b508-348e57f69244).
* If you still use **PSDK V1.x.x** and **SkyPort** to develop payload devices, please use [PSDK V1.x.x](https://terra-1-g.djicdn.com/71a7d383e71a4fb8887a310eb746b47f/psdk/payload-sdk-doc-1.0.zip).
:::
## Development and Testing
When using PSDK to develop payload devices, to protect developers from accidents, please pay attention to the following:

* When using PSDK to develop payload devices or test payload devices developed based on PSDK, please remove the propellers on the drone.
* Do not approach when the drone motor is rotating.
* Do not input high-power current to the drone power output interface.

### Key Functions Development

To ensure that DJI can provide a comprehensive maintenance service for your DJI aircraft, as well as to analyze aircraft incidents and determine liability, DJI strongly recommends completing the development of the following key features before using the "Payload SDK" for payload development:

* <a href="../function-overview/basic-function/hms-customization.html" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">HMS Function</a>: When using the Health Management System (HMS) function, maintain a detailed record of HMS error codes throughout the flight.

* <a href="../function-overview/basic-function/log-management.html" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Log Management</a>: Record crucial aircraft control commands, subscribed data, and power-on timestamps to aid post-sale troubleshooting.

* <a href="../function-overview/basic-function/local-update.html" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer">Local Update</a>: Support third-party firmware upgrade, enabling timely bug fixes and guiding customers through the upgrade process.

### Non-RC Flight

* When using the Non-RC Flight function, it's essential to adhere to local regulations and be aware of the regulatory risks tied to this feature.

* In regions with Remote ID regulations that mandate the real-time broadcast of the pilot's location, developers need to employ the appropriate PSDK API to disclose the accurate pilot location to ensure compliant flights. Neglecting to provide the pilot's location as mandated can lead to flight prohibition, especially when flying in the United States or using United States version aircraft.

* The Non-RC Flight function conflicts with the DJI Care Flyaway Coverage feature. If the aircraft is paired with a remote controller but operates without it, takeoff becomes limited. To avoid this constraint, use the Non-RC Flight mode to ensure the aircraft and controller are not bound. (If they are already paired, unbind them.) Third-party developers are recommended to inform end users about this limitation and associated responsibilities.


## Disclaimer
* Before using a payload device developed based on PSDK, please check the laws and regulations of the region where the load device is used. **Security issues or legal disputes arising from the use of PSDK have nothing to do with DJI, and DJI does not assume any joint responsibility**.
* When using the payload device developed based on PSDK to perform flight tasks, please operate the drone according to the instructions in the user manual to ensure that the aircraft is in good flight condition when performing the task, and reduce the potential safety hazards and the risk of safety accidents.
* **DJI will not obtain the private data of third-party users in any way and for any reason.** Developers should develop functions to **protect users' private data, such as data encryption and obfuscation.** DJI will not take any legal responsibility for the data leakage of user privacy caused by the use of DJI PSDK.