### Key Functions Development

To ensure that DJI can provide a comprehensive maintenance service for your DJI aircraft, as well as to analyze aircraft incidents and determine liability, DJI strongly recommends completing the development of the following key features before using the "Payload SDK" for payload development:

* [HMS Function](https://developer.dji.com/doc/payload-sdk-tutorial/en/function-set/basic-function/hms-function.html): When using the Health Management System (HMS) function, maintain a detailed record of HMS error codes throughout the flight.

* [Log Management](https://developer.dji.com/doc/payload-sdk-tutorial/en/function-set/basic-function/log-management.html): Record crucial aircraft control commands, subscribed data, and power-on timestamps to aid post-sale troubleshooting.

* [Local Update](https://developer.dji.com/doc/payload-sdk-tutorial/en/function-set/advanced-function/local-update.html): Support third-party firmware upgrade, enabling timely bug fixes and guiding customers through the upgrade process.

### Non-RC Flight

* When using the Non-RC Flight function, it's essential to adhere to local regulations and be aware of the regulatory risks tied to this feature.

* In regions with Remote ID regulations that mandate the real-time broadcast of the pilot's location, developers need to employ the appropriate PSDK API to disclose the accurate pilot location to ensure compliant flights. Neglecting to provide the pilot's location as mandated can lead to flight prohibition, especially when flying in the United States or using United States version aircraft.

* The Non-RC Flight function conflicts with the DJI Care Flyaway Coverage feature. If the aircraft is paired with a remote controller but operates without it, takeoff becomes limited. To avoid this constraint, use the Non-RC Flight mode to ensure the aircraft and controller are not bound. (If they are already paired, unbind them.) Third-party developers are recommended to inform end users about this limitation and associated responsibilities.

### Firmware Upgrade

To ensure stable operation of DJI aircrafts and remote controllers and reduce the occurrence of incidents, DJI strongly recommends encouraging your customers to upgrade to the latest firmware whenever new firmware versions are released.

To check for the latest firmware version, taking Matrice 30/30T as an example:

* Visit the product downloads page of [Matrice 30/30T](https://enterprise.dji.com/cn/matrice-30/downloads) and open the "release note" PDF file to look up for the latest firmware version. You can download the corresponding firmware package from the product downloads page of [Matrice 30/30T](https://enterprise.dji.com/cn/matrice-30/downloads).